I have this friend who's handsome and
smart and knows a lot of stuff there's
just one domain he's lost in girls he
never knows when she's sending him the
I'm into you vibe so I thought I'd help
him and other guys who don't know if
they're an alpha or a beta in it girls
eyes first of all let's see what this
whole alpha beta thing is all about in
the animal world the Alpha is the
highest-ranking individual in their
social group by the way it's not only
males that can be alphas it can be a
female animal or a male and a female
making up an alpha pair alphas enjoy
certain privileges there the first dine
and get the best piece and they also
have the right to choose the best
partner how do they get that super
status mostly by showing extraordinary
physical strength or building alliances
with others to support them when they
run for alpha I am NOT giving you this
biology lecture all for nothing when I
asked my male friends to describe a
human alpha they gave me nearly the same
characteristics it's some kind of a hunk
who doesn't hesitate to demonstrate his
physical strength and gets all the
best-looking girls yeah sometimes more
than one first of all it's about height
according to a 2014 study by Rice
University and North Texas University
forty eight point nine percent of ladies
do care a lot about this and prefer
taller guys in both lab experiments and
real-life dating it's typical to
associate physical height with higher
social status and it's a subconscious
thing second it's about the voice it's a
natural thing for us to see guys with
lower more masculine voices as older
taller and more dominant I did some
research on this one and it was once
again proved by University College
London in 2013 the third thing that
makes a man an alpha is his face I won't
deny that girls
rugged and wide manly faces because on a
deep subconscious level we all analyze
if a man has good genes to pass over
even if we don't plan to marry him and
have kids with him in 2017 a group of
psychologists from Goethe University
Frankfurt went further with this idea
and analyzed how the ratio of facial
width to upper facial height affects
people it turned out that the higher
this ratio the more testosterone the guy
has and the more powerful and
self-confident he is when I heard all
that it made me really uncomfortable
because you know it can't be just about
the physical characteristics of a man
yes there are guys whose huge amounts of
testosterone make them a natural alpha
and girls fall for them easily but there
are also other things and trust me they
aren't physical that make a guy in alpha
and a man girls are attracted to the
good news is that you can learn to be an
alpha and cultivate these qualities in
yourself as you do so remember this one
important thing girls don't want to be
conquered and struck by your masculinity
we want to be eluned I personally always
feel the difference between an alpha and
a beta guy is that it has to do with
self confidence and presentation to make
things easier I put together this list
of signs that a girl sees that alpha
male in you 1 she's trying to make you
happy I'm not talking about a happily
ever after or a girl trying to please
you it's about subconsciously trying to
show you her best because she cares
about your approval when I'm around a
guy I find attractive I start playing
with my hair flipping it twirling a
stubborn locker just going through it
with my hands to fix a non-existent flaw
I could bite my lip and I look at his
lips and make eye contact to let him
know I'm into him and look at him then
go back and bang go back to him by the
way if you
ever notice that a girl has dilated
pupils when she looks at you it's a
clear sign she likes what she sees dr.
Stewart Steinhauer says our eyes are a
mirror that reflects what's going on in
our brain so physical attraction and can
be read in them and remember how I
mentioned that a man's voice is an
indicator of his masculinity
well we girls can also use this tool if
you notice that a lady talks in a
different tone to you than she does to
others it's a good sign
she'll try to sound softer to please
your ear - she's genuinely interested in
you and is fully present when you're
around parties where people spend most
of the time on their phones have become
normal these days but if a girl puts her
Instagram aside and focuses on you she
must be really interested and if she not
only looks at you but listens and tries
to learn more about you by asking
questions and dropping in a few lines
about herself she is trying to impress
you as well by the way when you feel
like you've caught her eye in ear use
this time wisely to show her your best a
true outfit doesn't have to prove how
awesome and successful he is because
it's about attitude and confidence so
don't brag play it cool
this doesn't mean you can't tell her a
few things about your job or hobbies or
mention that you have certain goals that
keep you busy and motivating one
important thing I'd like to stress here
is don't lie or mention things you know
you can never achieve don't say I'm
going to make a million dollars a month
by next year unless you mean it
girls don't like lies and we sense when
someone starts making things up to seem
cooler than they truly are three she
wants to see you and doesn't hesitate
when you ask her out an alpha male
doesn't get rejected by girls if you
want to be like that remember
it's not just about what you offer her
but what you do if you approach her with
confidence and directness she'll feel
that masculinity she's looking for own
your intentions and don't try to pretend
you're less interested in her than you
are when a girl catches your vibes
she won't say no to hanging out she'll
most likely smile and say I'd love to
and if she can't she'll invite you to
reschedule the meeting or she tells her
friends about you if you are out with a
girl and run into her friends and she
says something like and that's Steve I
told you about and they smile back and
go I see it means they've been talking
about you girls love to share with each
other and let's be honest here brag a
bit I wouldn't tell my girls about a guy
who was a complete disaster and then see
him again
so if you become a subject of discussion
and the girl is going out with you she
must have felt those alpha vibes you
were sending out and proudly told her
friends all about it
five she initiates physical contact when
you're in public when I like a guy I
just met
I'll start thinking about how to break
the touch barrier you know that awkward
feeling when you meet someone new and
want to let them know you wouldn't mind
letting them into your personal space I
use a hug as a goodbye move but it could
also be something like a pat on the
shoulder during a conversation even
sitting next to the person in a group of
others speaks volumes
no one girls and guys included would
want to get close and personal with
someone they don't like six she's active
in your social media social media today
is much like what used to be balls and
galas in the past it's where people meet
each other chat and indicate their
interests if she's generously liking
your stuff and leaving comments to
approve of your pictures to start a
discussion
she's clearly letting the world know she
likes you she wouldn't do that for a
beta or Omega she'd leave all the liking
and commenting to them
she sends you her picture and I don't
mean something bad here just picture she
didn't post for everyone to see she is
clearly trying to show you more of her
life that's a great sign too
can you think of any other signs a girl
sends out when she spotted an Alfa let
me know in the comment section below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]